By downloading or using ProtectMe, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure, therefore, that you read them carefully before using the app. We recommend you use this app for your private security with nominal fee of 99 cents. You should be mindful that it is impermissible for you to send it to anyone else, to copy, to modify any portion of the app or its icons in any way without prior written consent from the owner. The app itself and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to ProtectMe.

While using this app you will conform to all applicable laws and terms. In particular, included but not limited to, you agree not to:
(a) Use the app in any unlawful manner or in a manner which promotes or encourages illegal activity; or
(b) Attempt to gain unauthorized buildup to the app or any networks, servers or computer systems connected to the app; or
(c) Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, convert into human-readable format, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of any software included in or related to ProtectMe, to translate the app into other languages and make derivative versions; or
(d) Copy any functions, ideas, graphics, features included in or related to the ProtectMe; or
(e) Use the application and the service for purposes that would infringe any intellectual property right subsisting within the application or the service

ProtectMe is committed to providing that the app is as pertinent, effective and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never levy any fee on you for the app or its services without making it explicitly clear to you what you will be paying for.

The app stores and processes personal contacts and messages, that you have shared with us so that you can broadcast the message when in need. The application is merely a way of communication and information service between you and your predetermined contacts. It is your obligation to keep your phone and access to the app protected. We consequently advocate that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of eradicating software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone exposed to malicious programs/malwares/viruses, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the ProtectMe app won’t function accurately or at all. 

DISCLAIMER: USE THE APP AT YOUR OWN RISK.  APP IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO ANY DAMAGE OR INJURY TO THE USERS OR THEIR EQUIPMENT; CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED BY THE USE OF APP.  You should be aware of certain things that ProtectMe will not take accountability for. Host function will always need the app to have an operational internet connection and ability to send messages. The connection can be through Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider but, ProtectMe can not take liability for app not working in partial or full capacity if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi or cellular data. ProtectMe takes no accountability for the accurate operation of any servers or networks, or any communications that happen over such servers or networks. ProtectMe makes no statements or assurances as to the interoperability of the ProtectMe services with any servers or networks. You acknowledge that ProtectMe shall have no obligation to you or to any third party arising as a consequence of any servers or networks lacking to perform in the manner anticipated. You acknowledge that ProtectMe shall have no obligation to failure of proper operation of ProtectMe app with your servers or networks or from any inaccuracies occurring on your servers or networks as a result of your usage of the app. ProtectMe accepts no responsibility for any direct or indirect loss you experience as a consequence of relying solely on the functionality of app rather than exercising all the other resources or alternatives.


If you’re operating/using the app in a location devoid of Wi-Fi connectivity, you should remember that the terms of agreement with your mobile network provider would apply. As a result, you may be imposed certain usage charge by your mobile provider for the expense of data for the extent of the connection while accessing the app, or other third party charges and charges for sending messages from your phone. By using the app, you agree to be liable for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of the home network coverage (i.e. including but not limited to region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be mindful that we presume that you have received authorization from the bill payer for using the app.

Along the same lines, ProtectMe can not always take accountability for the way you use/handle the app. Likewise, you need to be certain that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery, ProtectMe can not accept liability. ProtectMe will not be liable in cases of failure/lack of message initiation/delivery arising from issues including but not limited to network issues, connectivity issues, device failures or power offs, weather conditions, etc.

Lastly, pertaining to ProtectMe’s accountability for your usage of the app-
When you’re using the mobile host function of the app, it is essential to accept that while we are striving to ensure availability of most updated and accurate version at all times, there could be time when updates can take longer to be available. You approve to hold Protectme innocuous, insure, defend ProtectMe and its owners, officers from and against any damages, losses, expenses and fines (including attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of or concerning to any claims that you have infringed, any term or condition breach or have breached any representation made by you in connection with the grant of this T & C.

ProtectMe app is presently available on iOS – the requirements for this system (and for any supplementary systems we decide to extend the disposal of the app to) may change, and you’ll be required to download the updates if you want to keep utilizing the app. ProtectMe does not assure that it will continually update the app so that it is pertinent to you and/or runs with the iOS version installed on your device. However, you promise to always consent the updates to the application when presented to you. At some point, we may wish to update the app and make it available for Android systems as well.

We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving any prior notice of termination to you. ProtectMe reserves the rights to terminate, cancel, suspend or revoke the service for any purpose whatsoever at its individual discretion without prior notice to you. You approve that ProtectMe shall not be accountable to you or to any other party for such termination, cancellation, suspension or revocation.


